after an hour i found on the forest
floor
the rhines and cores of durian fruit
which i knew was the favorite food of
the orangutan
i showed it to the dyer could come with
me and he confirmed what i had hoped
the way in which it had been chewed
showed that it had been eaten by an
orangutan
one must have been here early this
morning
we looked up to see where the fruit had
come from
and there 50 feet above us we saw a nest
did one sleep there i asked
yes he said one was there last night
so the trail must still be warm and the
ape was probably quite close
so
a few minutes later we heard a crashing
in the branches ahead
and there only a few yards away we
spotted a great
furry red form swaying in the trees
[Applause]
far from being frightened of our
presence he showed little incarnation to
dash away through the trees
but just hung there screaming and
breaking off branches to throw down at
us
if you sit down keep quiet and are
patient
then animals will soon appear
these are among the loveliest and are
certainly the most agile
of all the forest animals the acrobatic
gibbons
it was early in the morning just after
dawn
and the gibbons were out looking for
breakfast some fruit
flowers or maybe a few birds eggs
we kept absolutely quiet and they didn't
notice us
but hung a few yards away eating in the
[Music]
treetops
five
but soon one spotted us
and he raised the alarm
[Applause]
and then with amazing speed and agility
the whole
troop leapt away through the branches
[Music]
as he climbed the tree we saw that he
was feeding
his long sticky tongue flickering over
the branches
gathering the ants which swarmed
everywhere
not a particularly pleasant meal one
would have thought
but at least his hard scaly coat
protects him from the worst of the his
stings
without a regular daily supply of live
ants
the pangolin can't live we
couldn't hope to provide him with the
right sort of ants in london
so we didn't try to catch him but just
sat quietly
and watched him as he continued
undisturbed with his morning meal
we noticed that the ants on which the
pangolin was feeding
had constructed nests for themselves by
fasting together clusters of leaves
there seemed to be a great deal of
activity going on around these nests
so we looked closer
at first we couldn't distinguish exactly
what the ants were doing as they bustled
about so busy
however then we noticed
this group with their jaws locked tight
in the lower leaf and their hind legs
attached to the upper leaf
the colony is constructing a new nest
and these patient workers are holding
two leaves of the future
nest in position so that other members
can
fasten them together to form the outer
wall of their new home
in the early evening without warning two
men
walked down the gallery and began to
beat on the huge drums
[Music]
soon a dancer wearing a headdress of
hornbill feathers
emerged from beneath the longhouse and
began to prance and posture
to the music of the drums and gongs
which came echoing from the long house
[Music]
another masked figure came out to join
him
[Music]
and then watched by the entire village
from the gallery of the longhouse
a whole troop of men came out to dance
around a newly erected totem pole
[Music]
now comes the barong's main antagonist
held by
two attendants randa
the dreaded evil witch
[Music]
[Applause]
what
[Music]
approaches her and now begins the fight
the men from the village in a state of
trance rush down from the temple
waving their swords to attack rangda and
protect the baron
but ranga by her evil power is able to
hold them at bay
[Music]
suddenly with a flourish of her magic
cloth she forces them
to turn their daggers upon themselves
the men
almost insensible try to thrush these
sharp swords into their chests
but the balong's power is stronger than
rangers and he is able to protect his
followers
so that their swords do not pierce the
flesh and no blood is shed
[Music]
now the priest comes from the temple and
scatters holy water
to bring the men out of their trances
[Music]
so
the men rush back into the temple
the baron disappears and all that is
left
are the mangy curse eating the priest's
offerings to the gods
not being able to get inside to the
smell which was attracting him
he came round to the front
but now he caught a whiff of the smell
of the suspended bait
i hadn't reckoned on him being so big
and to our dismay we saw that he could
reach this
hanging bait
but fortunately he couldn't get enough
to satisfy him
and he retreated with some of the goats
intestines
dangling from the corner of his mouth
and down came the door hastily we piled
boulders on the door so that he couldn't
lift it up
we've got him
and we thought our troubles were over we
had filmed him and we had caught him
but we reckoned without one thing
unfortunately
in the end bureaucracy defeated us and
we weren't given a permit
to export those dragons from indonesia
so i'm afraid
they're still there that was the end of
our zoo quest
[Music]
you